---
title: What is CustomAuth?
---

Do everything you can do with OpenLogin and Wallet in a fully customizable way. Built for developers whom want more control CustomAuth,
gives the ability to build fully-customizable authentication experiences that leverage Torus' key infrastructure.

## What does this mean for my application?

Using DirectAuth allows you to manage an app-specific private key for your
users, while storing it in the distributed Torus Network. It allows you to
control the user experience and interface for all user interactions, without
having to rely on the Torus Wallet interface for user confirmations via popups.

**Applications can directly interact with the**
[**Torus Network**](../how-torus-works/system-architecture) **to assign, store
and retrieve keys on the network - Distributed Key Generation as a Service**.
The integration is compatible with both web/native apps, applications get access
to the OAuth scopes provided to them \(name/email from Google\) and there are no
longer pop-ups - applications literally own the UX and can implement their own
permissions structure.

**Using DirectAuth allows you to manage an app-specific private key for your
users, while storing it in the distributed Torus Network.** You can see a demo
of this on the Torus Wallet**.** The fundamental flow for Torus sign-in is as
follows:

![Standard login with OAuth2 (Google, Facebook, Apple, Reddit, Discord, Twitch)](/contents/image.png)

:::info

DirectAuth implements an interaction flow highlighted
[here](../how-torus-works/logins-key-assignments-and-retrievals).

:::

![DirectAuth Architecture](/contents/directauth-overview.png)

Just as how the Torus Wallet has a verifier script for each of the
authentication methods, this integration includes a deployment of a verifier
script on the BFT layer that the nodes share for the application specifically.
Keys which are generated through the DKG protocol are assigned to the verifier
script, which shares are respectively retrieved through successful execution of
the script. Whilst most integrations integrate different OAuths, the script is
generalisable and can be used to combine multiple OAuths, signatures and other
varied forms of attestation for a user. A list of verifiers can be found
[here](supported-authenticators-verifiers).



:::info

Reach out to hello@tor.us or our [dev chat](https://t.me/torusdev) to get a
test-net spun up to play with today.

:::
